What's up everyone? Today I'm going to
be showing you the best and only exit
lag settings [music] that actually
matter. A lot of people overthink the
software, but the truth is most settings
don't [music] do that much. First, let's
be clear about what exit lag actually
does. It finds better internet routes to
game servers, and that's it. And here's
the thing. Exit lag only helps if your
internet provider already has bad
routing to the game [music] servers. If
your ISP already uses good routes, exit
lag won't magically make your ping
lower. It's like taking a shortcut when
you're already on the fastest road.
There's no shorter route to take. Now,
let's go over the perfect settings for
exit lag. And these are the perfect
settings. You want [music] to turn off
hardware data monitoring. This is extra
monitoring for no absolutely [music]
reason. And then smart optimization. You
want to turn that on and use dual road
to be also on. [music] Then optimization
accuracy level should be set to high and
everything else just leave it how it
[music] is. These settings let exit lag
do its job which is finding better
routes automatically. Now do you see all
these PC boost [music] features? You
want to ignore everything. Things like
reduce input lag, [music] reduce
keyboard input time. These have nothing
to do with internet routing. They're
just generic Windows tweaks that [music]
don't matter for what exag.
Leave them all off as you most likely
already have them done if you've watched
my other videos or you've booked an
optimization with us. Then when you see
the energy efficient Ethernet popup,
always click no. Why? It changes
settings in your Ethernet adapter that
again you already most likely changed.
It could cause issues, so it's not worth
it. Just click no and move on. Then go
to connections and go to Fortnite and
make sure that you have use local routes
turned on for Fortnite.
Basically, exit lag works best whenever
your internet provider [music] already
has bad routing to the game servers.
You're getting packet loss or [music]
high ping spikes. You're playing on
servers far from your location. And exac
won't help much when your ISP already
has optimal routes. Your ping is already
low and [music] stable. Your internet
issues stem from low speeds and not
routing problems. [music] And the simple
truth is Exelac finds better routes.
That's all it does. All those PC boost
features, they don't affect routing.
They're distractions. So, what you
should do is set your settings exactly
like we did earlier. Ignore everything
in the PC boost section. Click no when
you see the pop-up for energy efficient
Ethernet. Let Exitag do its job, which
is just routing optimization. [music]
And that's it. Don't overthink it. Exit
strength is route optimization, not PC
tweaking. If your ping improves, [music]
great. Your ISP had bad routing. If it
doesn't improve much, your internet
provider probably already had [music]
good routes. Test during the free trial
to see if it actually helps your
connection. If you don't see an
improvement, your internet provider
routing is probably already good. Exelac
fixes routing problems, not slow
internet speeds. So, keep it simple. Use
the settings from the beginning. Ignore
everything else and you're [music] good
to go. But if you actually want input
lag reduction, exit lag can't really
reduce input lag. That's not what it
[music] does. But you know what can
actually decrease input lag? our PC
optimization service at [music] Solnet.
We don't just toggle software settings.
We optimize your BIOS for lower latency.
We fine-tune Windows at the system
level. We configure GPU drivers properly
for lower input lag. And we also reduce
the background processes in Windows that
cause input [music] lag. And we set up
your entire system for the lowest
possible input delay. This is real
optimization, [music] not software
gimmicks. If you want act if you want to
actually feel the difference in
responsiveness and input lag, check out
our services at silly.net/pricing.
>> [music]
>> /pricing and stop relying on one-click
fixes or registry tweaks. Get your PC
actually optimized with an expert.